here's the 2009 Toyota Sienna a great
new vehicle this new le is a package
three which is brand new for 2009 we
offer some new exterior colors as well a
super white and a blizzard pearl pearl a
beautiful new color combination for the
2009 Toyota Sienna safety is important
to everyone especially in the family
vehicle like the Sienna talk about
safety how about six airbags standard
abs and VSC all standard on the o.9
Sienna hey talk about convenience and
full of groceries and full of kids
how about the power rear liftgate even
more convenience on this beautiful xle
limited power doors on both sides you'll
love it talk about beautiful how about
the rear lip view display how about the
wood trim steering wheel if we move off
to the right you'll see a beautiful JBL
synthesizer stereo right beneath that
one of the hottest and best navigation
systems ever in the vehicle keep your
eye going down folks and climate control
where you can have different passenger
temperature settings for the driver or
the passenger and a little bit further
down how about the heated leather seats
this is an awesome vehicle when you're
on a trip and the kids are saying are we
there yet are we there yet
that won't happen with this vehicle rear
DVD entertainment remote control
headphones the kids can listen to what
they want to and you can listen to what
you want to including this vehicle will
accommodate seven people easily
beautiful leather seats captain chairs
in the middle row third row seat that
folds down easily folds flat in fact for
all the storage you'll ever need the
2009 Sienna are all powered by v6 motor
gets a great gas mileage though over 20
miles per gallon in a full size family
passenger van that's great news
the 2009 Toyota Sienna it's versatile
there are four trim levels he available
in front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive
comfort convenience and a large
selection of features available at Jeff
Weiler Toyota